So now did we know how to navigate a route in our application.
An important building block has been covered because you'll need navigation in basically any mobile
app you're about to build.
What you'll also need in most mobile apps your building is a state management solution and here we'll
use redux for that which is a popular state management solution for react.
Now state management simply means that we need to manage the data our app relies on.
Like for example in the app we built in the navigation module where we had meals where we could mark
meals as a favorite and set filters where we have data that we set in one area of our application and
we needed in another area too and getting debt data around effectively and updating Part B of our app
if Part A changes.
That's what state management is about.
That's what's currently missing in this app we built in the last module and that's what we'll tackle
in this module.